initial commit on unity case study for preview (#12088)
pulumi/docs: content/case-studies/unity.md

The [Aura](https://unity.com/solutions/device-management) division within Unity supports engaging telcos, operators and their clients throughout the mobile device lifecycle. Aura’s DevOps team wanted to modernize their developer platform and CI/CD systems to improve performance, control costs and simplify the process of version upgrades. Their legacy Jenkins service was hard to maintain, and they needed a robust solution to streamline their CI/CD processes, enable self-service for developers, and maintain infrastructure integrity.

## Introduction

Aura turned to Pulumi to automate infrastructure management, reduce deployment times, and boost overall team productivity by enabling more team members to write and deploy infrastructure as code using their standard software release process and preferred programming language: TypeScript.

## Migrating Jenkins to Amazon EKS {#migration}

> The Aura DevOps team’s journey with Pulumi began with the migration of their Amazon ECS services to EKS and one of those services is their aging [Jenkins](https://www.jenkins.io/) service. The original service relied on ECS with a lot of manual Jenkins configuration required.  The team wanted to manage Jenkins configuration using source control and follow the release process used for all other software development. They also wanted better performance and cost improvements made possible by moving to EKS. Using Pulumi's infrastructure as code (IaC) capabilities, the DevOps team was able to quickly provision a new Jenkins instance along with associated service accounts, networking, and IAM roles. The team also configured Cloudfront and WAF to enable Jenkins to connect with GitHub. Finally, they utilized the Karpenter provisioner Custom Resource Definition (CRD) to automate the process of provisioning and deprovisioning nodes, depending on the scheduling requirements of the pods that served as Jenkins agents. The configuration for Jenkins was maintained as Pulumi stack configuration. This approach simplified the application of source control, made tracking changes more straightforward, and facilitated the deployment of updates to Jenkins.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Aura DevOps team’s journey with Pulumi began with the migration of their Amazon ECS services to [Amazon Elastic Kubernetes Service](https://aws.amazon.com/eks/) (EKS) and one of those services was their aging [Jenkins](https://www.jenkins.io/) service. The original service relied on ECS with a lot of manual Jenkins configuration required.  The team wanted to manage Jenkins configuration using source control and follow the release process used for all other software development. They also wanted better performance and cost improvements made possible by moving to EKS. Using Pulumi's infrastructure as code (IaC) capabilities, the DevOps team was able to quickly provision a new Jenkins instance along with associated service accounts, networking, and IAM roles. The team also configured Cloudfront and WAF to enable Jenkins to connect with GitHub. Finally, they utilized the Karpenter provisioner Custom Resource Definition (CRD) to automate the process of provisioning and deprovisioning nodes, depending on the scheduling requirements of the pods that served as Jenkins agents. The configuration for Jenkins was maintained as Pulumi stack configuration. This approach simplified the application of source control, made tracking changes more straightforward, and facilitated the deployment of updates to Jenkins.
```
